Reverse Lookup Brute Force
Our DNS forward brute force enumeration
revealed a set of scattered IP addresses
in the same approximate range.
If the DNS administrator
of megacorpone.com
configured PTR records for the domain,
we could scan the approximate
range with reverse lookups
to request the hostname for each IP.
Let’s use a loop to scan
IP addresses 50 through 100.
We will use grep -v to
filter out invalid results
by showing only entries that do not
contain the “not found” message.
We’ve successfully managed to resolve
a number of IP addresses to valid hosts
using reverse DNS lookups.
If we were performing an assessment,
we could further extrapolate these results,
and might scan for “mail1”,
“mail3”, etc and reverse
lookup positive results.
The point is that these
types of scans are often cyclical;
we expand our search based on any
information we receive at every round.